what's up hand me all right okay I'll
hold your hand okay i'll scratch it okay
okay I'll just all right I'll hold your
hand there on Oprah my whole dream okay
I'll hold your hand thank you thank you
i'll scratch your chest let me just put
my hand right here oh look all right
i'll scratch your chest some more that's
fine that's fine that's fine all right
I'm done let me too oh you want me to
pet you some more okay I'll just I'll
pet you some more i right let me put my
hand back nope nope you want me to okay
I'll keep scratching your chest that's
fine okay okay fine I'll keep doing it
that's that's normally ok that's fine
now maybe you need a good chest scratch
that's fine okay that's good all right
let's put my hand here oh you want me to
keep petting you okay just keep it let
me put my hand here oh oh I'll get up
that's fine that's right i'll just keep
we done we done nope we're not done okay
i'll keep that you then do I have to
keep petting you do I I mean I'm sorry
this is what you want about to keep
petting you okay I'm done I'm done
scratching you now is that ok let me
just put my head nope the I you're not
done yet ok all right ok I'm done look
you're not done though uh and i know i
love you too I love you too buddy ok let
me just put my hand here nope lip can I
put my hand here look I put my hand here
no you want me to keep putting yeah I
think we're done we be done please can
we be done mmm ok we won't be done my
right I'm done who's that I love you
DVI and put up with